"My team and I communicated through WhatsApp to update on when we should start the worksheet to do together and ask questions when in doubt. We
planned to do the worksheet at 12pm on our module day. I contributed an adequate amount of work to complete the tasks required for lesson 2 team worksheet. I
helped in doing the Project Charter as I did my read-up on this charter specifically.
We did not separate the worksheet questions equally. Instead, we did whatever questions
we can do on the spot. Then, we help each other to add more points or change
the way certain answers were written to give a proper and tidy worksheet. We did
an equal amount of work to finish up the worksheet."
"My team shared the team worksheet through Google Docs since some of us
are not available to meet and discuss together so all the communication is done
in our WhatsApp group. I started to attempt the first few questions in the
worksheet with reference of the team discussion worksheet found in the
resources folder. Tychicus and I have also contributed and helped Janice with
the fourth and the last question which is the preparing of the project charter
using the template and stakeholder register as it requires plenty of details to
be filled in. Meanwhile, Zheng Wei and Hadifah completed the remaining
questions. We helped to check on each other answers and edit whenever necessary
before submitting. Overall, my team has been very cooperative and helpful in
completing the tasks required for the team worksheet."
"I believe that this team worksheet was completed with great team effort. It was daunting initially as the worksheet given was very wordy. I felt that it would be very time consuming to read everything there and to process the information to answer the questions. Our team leader came up with a brilliant idea. Each of us were tasked to process different parts of the passage. We jotted down the main points for each paragraph. Everyone got to know the summary of the context given.  From there, we discussed the answers for questions given. There were a lot of disagreements which made the discussion longer. But most of the answers we managed to get to a compromise. I also personally researched on the Human Resource Management System to gain some insights on how they work. The latest updates made to those systems and new start-ups. It may not directly benefit the discussion, but it gave us more detailed insights and a different perspective when answering the questions. To complete the worksheet, we worked as small subgroups to come up with the answers for each question. We then discussed to conclude the discussion with improvised answers from the subgroups to give one team answer. It was a difficult task today. But with effective communication between members, time keeping and management, today’s discussion was one that was worth the time and effort."
"My team members and I contributed to complete the tasks
required for LU02 Team Worksheet by ensuring that we can contact each other
when we are doing our e-learning at home for the coming week. We made a group
chat for our team on a messaging application called “Telegram” as most of us are
more active on that application instead of “WhatsApp”. After getting each other’s
contact, I made a group chat on the application for our channel of
communication. With this, we can inform each other when we start on the
Team Worksheet. One of us created the document on Google Share Drive so that
we can do the worksheet together at the same time. Not only that, we are able
to help each other out with the worksheet when one of us has questions or is
unsure of the questions."
_First of all we did it on google doc so that all of us can share information. We also use whatsapp to convey our thoughts on a certain topic. As the teamworksheet requires us to solve problems together we split up the roles and do part by part. Although there were some clashes in our thoughts of a subject but we still manage to solve it and came into a conclusion with it. In the end team submission worksheet was submitted by zhikai in the end. In conclusion our teamwork was not bad for a first time although there were some awkwardness as we did not know each other well but manage to break through that
"My team members and I contributed to completing the tasks required for LU02 Team Worksheet by first agreeing what time we should be awake and do the worksheet together. Joseph opened the worksheet in Google Docs and the rest of the team went into it to tackle the different questions. We each instinctively answered the different questions whenever we saw that it had not been answered yet. We all answered about the same number of questions each and managed to finish the worksheet quickly. I also contributed to the Team Worksheet by completing and attaching the Stakeholder Power/Interest Grid, which I volunteered to do.  "
"Within the team , we would use google documents to better collaborate with one another in order for us to first have a better understanding on what we are suppose to do . When we do the worksheet , there were some theories we were not clear about . Hence, we would help each other out by trying to find what it is suppose to mean and try to apply it within the question and also to tell out teammates what it is .Moreover, some of them might have some questions regarding to the questions of the worksheet like doubts and suspicions whether the answer is right or wrong . Therefore, we discuss about the possible answers and ideas that might be true but also has to be justified based on the nature of the question and also whether the calculations of the question were to be justified for a different answer."
"My team members and I have added each other on telegram and we have created a group so that we are able to communicate with one another. We did the Team Worksheet on Google Documents and we split up the work. We will discuss on telegram and each of us will do the worksheet whenever we are free. When we are doing by ourselves, there might be some queries or answer that we are unsure of. We will ask why is that the answer and we will edit accordingly after discussing it with one another. After we look through the team discussion documents together, I did the grid on a powerpoint slide and use the snipping tool to snip into the Google docs. Hence, whenever they want to make changes to the grid, they will inform me and I will update the edited one on the worksheet. "
"I did not attend the first lesson due to some personal issues, as I am not sure who was my teammates and how to contact them. For the teamwork sheet, it was already submitted without me, so I did my own for both individual and team worksheets to ensure I don't miss out on today's lesson. I would say I didn't contribute much towards the team discussion so I did extra work so that I can prepare on what is going to come to the next lesson. It was pretty tough doing the worksheets alone because I have to refer to the resources given and read them one by one using my own words to answer the question."
"I did not manage to contribute much to complete the task required for LU02 Team Worksheet as my team members completed it a lot faster when i was still listening to the C303 LU02 Learning video. I took awhile to understand the points mentioned in the video as I am not fully used to the concept of listening to a recorded voice as compared to listening to lecturer in class. The entire team did the work from the comfort of our own home. I then help by adding onto the answers written by my group member from what my understanding after listening to the video and reading through the resources. In the future elearning, I will contribute more than I did for this week by attempting the questions in the Team Worksheet in advance and reading up on the lesson before the timing the team set to do the questions together. I also feel that we can have more communication involved when working on the worksheet such as communicating through Skype or other communication platforms before setting the time to attempt the questions together."
"First of all, i am grateful to all of my teammates in my group for being extremely cooperative, everyone tried to contribute as much as they can.
Also, i would like to stress the importance of creating a whatsapp/telegram group as it makes communication and discussing on team worksheet and project charter much more easier. 
Initially, Jun Xiang contributed by suggesting to use skype to do e learning together. However, we felt that typing out in text messages in the whatsapp group is fine as well. This showed that Jun Xiang tried to give various ways to improve our communication as a team. 
We did the e learning as a group on google docs, i shared the 'Team_Discussion' and 'Team_worksheet' to everyone while Ice shared 'Project_Charter' to everyone as i could not find where the document is located at. Personally, i feel that sharing of team_discussion is important so that everyone can highlight the key points in the passage to point out which statements are important and could be used to answer questions in the team worksheet.
Example: 

For the stakeholder power/interest grid, i had difficulty converting the answers in words document to an image(better aesthetically) but my teammate Ice did not hesitate to help. This is one of her many work below;

All in all, i feel that everyone in my team Jesse, Jun Xiang, Syazana and Ice did a great job and have contributed as much as possible in ensuring that we complete the tasks required for LU02 ."
"_For our team worksheet we contributed by sharing the worksheet onto a google document and from there we did it together as a team and also asked each other questions. For instance, there is a question that i am not really sure what they are asking for i would type my answer in and then asked them if it is right. If the answer i suggested is not correct, they will then explain and correct the answer. Other than communicating through the google docs we also communicate through our whats-app group in regards to any questions/doubts we have that we want to clear. Everyone did their part in completing the worksheet!"
">We started on
Sunday, while I shared the team worksheet in the google documents so everyone
can contribute their own part. Zheng Wei informed the team using Whatsapp as we
have a team specially created in Whatsapp to communicate with each other to
complete our task as a team. At first, we chose the questions and included our
answers while completing the worksheet. Adlina started early so she completed the
first few questions while Zheng Wei worked on the Stakeholder Power/Interest
Grid. Hadifah and Tychicus completed the risk that may occur for assumptions or
constraints and listing the stakeholders in the project. Lastly, I tried my
best to finish up the stakeholder register and project charter while Adlina and
Tychicus assisted me in some of the details. I completed the rest of our team
answers for both stakeholder register and project charter, adding and checking
some of the answers my teammates wrote. Overall, it was a great experience
working together as a team as we always learn to help one another especially
whenever we are having doubts."
"_We contacted each other to meet at a specific time of today, then we split the task like who will do which questions of the team worksheet. We shared the worksheet via google docs. From there we just split, who will take the slightly more challenging tasks and who will take the not so challenging task. after that we just do the tasks we allocated to each other. For questions that we were unsure of, we used the resources given to use."
_i ask some of the question in the individual that i do not how to do and they explain to me how answer the question.as for the team worksheet we each took one question to do  and i ask them weather my answer is ok or not.we discuss does question we do not  know how to do and check with other friends.i do not understand the knowledge area that well like what is inside knowledge are. in the team worksheet i could not tell who are stakeholder because there alot of employee 
"_We each set some questions to ourselves to complete _and once done, we try to help each other with their questions if needed or ask about. I did came later to complete the last 2 questions with some explanation of why I choose those answers and was helped in the last one with one of the columns in the table about Requirements & Expectations. Overall, each of us research to find the answers to the questions and simply completed it with ease."
"Teamwork is very important in achieving the accomplishment of the team worksheet. The success of the worksheet is attributed in different ways which will be explained with the following details below. Firstly, the sharing of the worksheet to all our members is made possible through the help of google docs. We shared our worksheet on googles doc for all of us to be accessible to the team worksheet and collaborate and think of ideas and solution to tackle the questions. Secondly, we created a WhatsApp group whereby we will post questions or doubts we face and seek understanding from our fellow members. Thirdly, if we face any uncertainly on questions such as question 8 and 9  we will try to ask if anyone knows how to do and solve. "
"For LU02 Team
Worksheet, my team and I have chatted in a WhatsApp group and arranged a time today
that we would come online to do the Team Worksheet together. We created google
docs for our team worksheet and do it together. Firstly, we split the workload
among ourselves and do the parts that we are in charge of. But we than realize
that by splitting the workload among ourselves does not let us learn and do the
worksheet together so we decided that everyone would do the worksheet question
together one at a time so as to ensure that everyone will have the chance to do
all the question and be able to share their opinion and answer in the
worksheet. But we are not able to do the worksheet all together at the same
time as there are people who are busy at the time where we discussed but they
did do some of the questions first before letting us continue to finish it. From
LU02 Team Worksheet, we realize that doing in google docs is a bit hard as we
are unable to communicate well enough as there will be times where our answer is
different. So, for the next team worksheet, we decided that we will Skype each
other and do it together so that we will be able to discuss it among ourselves
and come to a conclusion together so as to be able to learn together and also not
to have any conflicts among our team."
"_I feel that this team worksheet is completed with good team _effort and cooperation. Within the team, we discussed a time to start on the worksheet together so everyone's effort will be equal. _We managed to complete the worksheet through splitting our task for each parts. Such as each of us will take note of each main points for the paragraphs and discussed the questions together. At first, it is a little difficult to agree with one another and is abit confusing due to different opinions. However, we managed to compromise within the team. I researched on some of the parts where we do not understand so we can have more idea on what the lesson and worksheet is about. We will then combine all our findings and answers in the team worksheet. It is relatively quite a fun activity as we get to communicate with one another and complete something through team effort. "
"I just completed whatever questions were left in the google docs when I accessed it, which was part of the project charter document, questions 8 and 9. The rest of the team completed the other questions in the worksheet at their own time and pace, as did I. I think this is an alright way to complete the tasks for the team worksheet as the worksheet is not very long, and therefore does not require a lot of time to complete, so we did not really need a plan to tackle it to complete it by the deadline. This is okay to me since we all took the initiative to check the worksheet before the deadline and complete it earlier than the deadline as well. "
_we did the worksheet and excel sheet 
" Me and my team discussed on a certain timing to be online together. We then proceeded to do the different sections together, and when we had problems, we would ask each other and discuss the questions and proceed on to finish the worksheet while looking through the problem statement."
"When my team is doing the worksheet, we did it while discussing
on the google documents chat box and wait for each of us to finish the SCORM
package before getting started on the worksheet. After we understood the SCORM package,
we took on different questions and we checked together if the answer is
accurate to the question. Each of us attempt questions that have yet to be taken
and after completing the questions, we get started to contribute on the project
charter and stakeholder registration. As the 2 tasks require the most thinking,
we each contribute some points and fill in the blanks with the most reasonable
answers before confirming with my team mate and submitting the worksheet."
"Our team members started off with creating the shared
google documents so that we can work together and finish the team worksheet and
template on time. We have team discussion, team worksheet and template
documents. In the team discussion document, we highlighted key points that we need
to focus on and input it into our project charter template. We then answered
the team worksheet questions together. We made changes and research along the
way. We discussed heavily on the stakeholder register document as it is a very
sensitive. With each member’s contribution, we managed to complete everything
on time and communicate properly on WhatsApp group chat to ensure all is good
before submitting it to the team submission folder in Leo2.0    "
"My team and I have contributed in completing the tasks by informing each other on our Whatsapp group. One of us uploaded the worksheet and project charter on google docs. We started on the worksheet first, then proceeded on to do the project charter when we came across question 4 on the team worksheet. We contributed by listing down the questions that we will do. For the questions that some of us are unable to understand, the ones that understood contributed to it. We completed the task by dividing the questions so that everyone have a part to do for the worksheet."
"_First, one person will share the worksheet with other teammates. The person will inform in the group thru the messaging application that we agree to use to text in the group and tell them the worksheet is being uploaded in Google docs. We will try to do together if possible so that everyone knows how to do those questions in the worksheet. If not those question with blank that have not done yet, I will just do. I will give those teammates have not contributed to the worksheet to remind them to do teh worksheet. I will do those I know how to do first then after that I will read what my teammates have written in the worksheet and see I have understood what they wrote or not."
"we created a whatsapp group, discuss on what time to do our worksheet together. we created google docs just to make sure that everybody in the team are right on track. It certainly is not an easy job after all, we have to consider the availability of each team member and decide on a time whereby we will all be available to login and do our worksheet. As some of our team member took the chance to work today, but we still manage to get all of our team members to go online and complete our given assignment. Overall i would say that they worksheet may seem long but with each of us splitting and contributing to the worksheet, it is done in no time."
"We have
decided that all of us will familiarize ourselves with the concepts first
before we divide the workload into equal portions. We also decided that everyone
would do the questions that they felt they have a good understanding of and
able to adequately answer the question. So, we set up a Microsoft team and communicated
with each other through that platform. We shared the worksheet and then we tell
each other on Microsoft teams which questions we have done and the questions that
have yet to be answered. In the end, we were able to split the workload evenly for
everyone to answer the questions they were most comfortable with. "
"To complete the team worksheet efficiently, we created a
group chat using Microsoft Team application on our computer so that communication
will not be a problem. This was done during the first lesson of this module. Then
one of the team members shared the worksheet on Google doc so that everyone can
have access and edit the worksheet. The team then split question up and decide
who will handle which question in the worksheet. Some question the team help
one another edit and add onto the work like the charter question so that it is
easier to do with more people thinking."
" >We have shared the team worksheet in google docs and formed
a WhatsApp group to chat. We created the WhatsApp group on the day of Lesson 1.
We discussed about how to do the team worksheet on the WhatsApp group itself. Each
team member shared their own ideas and decided to start doing worksheet.The Worksheet consists of total nine questions that
includes the preparation of stakeholder power or interest grid and stakeholder
register. We were managed to finish the theory questions (from 1 to 7) within a
short time. But we did some researches and readings related to stakeholder
power or interest grid and stakeholder register. This helped us to do the
stakeholder power or interest as well as the stakeholder register. I have cleared
my doubts by posting it in WhatsApp group itself. My team members were very
co-operative to clarify doubts and they did their best to contribute to the
worksheet. We already finished half of the worksheet on the day that we shared
in google docs. Each team member contributed their ideas to each question and thereby
we explored our knowledge. We also discussed answers of worksheet with each
other and added more valid points for each question.The Stakeholder power or interest grid and stakeholder
register was a big challenge. But each member shared their ideas about the
stakeholder register and stakeholder grid. This helped us to get a clear
understanding about these two concepts and finished the stakeholder grid and
register within the time. I am very thankful to my friends who really made
their best to help each other and do the worksheet."
"Although we didnt meet up for LU02 but we've shared worksheet on googledocs and created a whatsapp group to update each other what we've done.
Bradley has been very enthusiatic for this LU02 since last sunday. Most of the work like sharing the worksheet and chasing the rest to do work are done by him.
The rest of us have discussed on whatsapp before contributing our answers on the worksheet.
For example the stakeholder grid. sree has discussed it on whatsapp regarding why he put it that way and if anyone thinks that there's something to add on, we can just edit it"
"E-learning is the  week where students are stress-free from waking up early in the morning or sleeping early at night. E-learning are also a good practice to emergency where students are unable to attend school due to certain circumstances. I believe that e-learning are able to cultivate as much learning experience we can in class and at home. Nevertheless, in Republic Poly, teamwork is an essential factor that we cannot escape. In class or at home, teamwork is required in our learning and development. My team and I have created a whatsapp group for communication. We are able to share our worksheet and discuss who does which questions in the group. Furthermore, there was no dispute or fighting over questions. We see work as work and we have it done as a team. With helps from each teammates, no questions are left alone for one person. If he/she have doubts, we come together as a team to solve it. I have to admit that my team does have great teamwork and helps one another in doubt. Despite having only one meeting with unfamiliar people, we are able to come together and put a great piece of work. The work done were unexpectedly faster than I thought. We are also able to submit way before the deadlines. I believe that from my experience, my team and I will be able to have great teamwork and produce better quality work over time. 
See you on week 5 !_"
"My team member and i we first discuss which day and what time we will do, so that we can on the same time online for google docs and discuss in telegram if got any questions. My team will split the questions to do but we will also go through our teammates answer for other questions so that if we got nay questions we will discuss or any more answer we can add in. During the progress of doing the worksheet, some of us actually face so questions and doubt of the answer, we actually ask the person who the answer to explain of the answer."
"My team and I created a WhatsApp group right
after lesson 1 ended. As you have told us we would need to coordinate a time ourselves
to complete the team worksheet. We all agreed to start doing our work at 12 pm
today. We did almost everything together. For example when someone finished
doing a question, we would question why this would be the answer, and try to
better our answers. We all helped each other along the way. We
decided to do the worksheet first before doing the project charter. Today’s problem
was rather straight forward and not difficult to accomplish. We finished both
the Team worksheet and project charter in less than 2 hours."
"Each and everyone have done their part in the worksheet which is the team discussion where we created a whatsapp group to input like what we going to do and discuss the doubts we have for each question. Because i did not come for the first lesson of C303 due to sickness, i asked my team-mates about what we should do and they told me to look through the lesson 2 resource and guide. Bradley and Lixin have contributed alot where they done most of the parts and guiding us by tell us what is needed to do for the team assignment. Other also have send message in the group clarifying their doubts and others "
"We have contributed in identifying the benefits of the new
system for the different group of users and the scope of the project that is
given in the team discussion for problem 2. We also have discussed on how to
complete the project charter together and planning the schedule and milestones
of the project. We have also identified the risk and assumption of the project
and plan the stakeholder power and interest grid based on the influence they
have in the project. We have also find out the requirement and expectation of
the different roles in the project as well as how supportive they are to this
project."
"My team and I have contributed to the team worksheet for Lesson 2 by sharing the worksheet on google docs and everyone contributed to their part even though we did not do it together at the same time, we still help one another with those questions that we were unsure of. We also had a telegram group for us to have our discussion there. One of my team members have shared the worksheet one day earlier in advanced so that we could do the worksheet earlier. We completed the worksheet within a few hours and made sure that everyone was satisfied with the completed answers before submitting it."
" >We had created a WhatsApp
group during last week lesson, which will help us easier to contact one
another. Since is it an E-learning lesson, we had chosen to do the worksheet in
google Doc, which all of us can stay at home to complete the worksheet.We had set a time for
us to do the worksheet together, however, may be because of the rain, some of
teammates does not online on time, I think the raining day is very good for sleep,
may be they over sleep. While, most of them had contribute a lot, we had try to
attempt the worksheet together as a team, there had some question which I not
sure how to do it, but my teammates know how to do it and I have the chance to
learn from them.Also, if there have any
doubt, we can use WhatsApp group to discuss. Overall, most of us
had contribute to the team worksheet, but may be next time we no need to set
the timing so early, as at first we discuss to do the worksheet at 11am, but we
start do the worksheet is about 12pm. Hence, I also can sleep more, as I had
set the alarm to help me wake up. That’s all for my RJ,
thank you reading."
"I would like to develop a mobile application for demonstration for my startup proposal. Firstly, I would like to identify some triple constraints. For my level, putting in money would be quite difficult. Hence budget is a crucial factor for me. Buying UX templates for exotic designs to impress investors would be a difficult task for me. Moreover, I feel that hiring different people to work on the front end and backend is something not economical. For schedule, I feel that I would not be able to manage my school commitments together with the project. I feel that time would be of shortage if I were to pitch my idea anytime soon. In terms of scope, I feel that thinking will be primitive and not to the expectation of stakeholders and investors. I feel that my vision will be too narrow and short while not focusing on the end product for a long term goal. In order for the project to be successful, I feel that I need to plan my work well. I have to ensure that my scope is achievable within the given time and budget. Resources needed like tenplates and source codes have to be bought in time. Follow a scheme of work and start work on the project. Hold timely meetings to review the progress of project and edit the scheme of work in place. Use resources wisely and do not waste them, especially time spent with the team and their strengths. Manage risks and obstacles that might come along the way. Seek advice from consultants and stakeholders for a less myopic view of the project. Being a project manager is never easy. Deadlines pressure managers but managers should not pressure the team. Delegation of work and swift decision making skills can help accomplish great projects within the deadline."
"The project i have in mind is to build a Nintendo Switch Portable monitor case within 2 days. As you know Nintendo switch is a gaming device that allows user to connect to a bigger screen to play , therefore i came out with an idea that I can put a slightly bigger monitor to better suit the user's eyes. To do that i came out with a structure to be able to complete the project with ease. 
Firstly i wrote down all materials needed to build the case 
Second i noted down all the tools required for the project
Third i planned out my budget , my time and since i am working this project alone all the scope/requirements are my expectations so i just wanted it to work nicely and neat cable management
Fourth i installed the monitor on the case with a plastic below to put HDMI cable inside the plastic with cable tie for neat cable management. While doing that i need to be able to balance my time and make sure that i am not going over my budget and that i am still in my time frame. 
Basically i am balancing the 3 constraints in my project to achieve the quality i desire. And of course when there is spare budget , time i would increase the quality therefore increasing the 3 constraints again and balancing them"
"A project that I have in mind would be to hold an event in Republic Poly to raise awareness of global warming. _Some examples of Triple Constraints in my project would be the_ cost of materials, like the production of flyers to distribute, purchase or rental of audio equipment if there are any speeches to be made. Discuss with team members, especially the Treasurer or the one in charge of the finance, how much it would cost to get the materials. The Schedule in terms of the time the project should be carried out in Republic Poly, during breaks or after school, so as to have a larger audience of students and lecturers. Observe the size of the flow of students that are walking around different areas of Republic Poly and see which area has the largest flow and at what time. The Scope in terms of establishing the different activities that will be held during the project and making sure its focus is about raising awareness of global warming. The project manager must collect the requirements needed for the project's stakeholders."
"_a project i had inside OCBC was to create a new IT system to ease the manual tasks that were done inside the office over many years , so there was many constraints inside this project , the cost/ resource were given which is the user's system that they had to key results or different things inside the system but manually for each data . For time wise , i was only given 2 weeks to complete it and i had no other teammates to do it only me .Whereas the scope and requirement was to do these automation tasks for only a specific kind of system that the user has been manually inputting data . So in order to carry out a successful project , what i had to do was to gather as many of these user's who were using the manual input system and gather as much information about it as i can in order to plan this website . I also had to ask other people who were more experienced in creating new softwares or webpages for help in order to correct my mistakes when needed . "
"_I'm planning a camp for the Secondary school kids and Polytechnic Youths in December.
Triple Constraints are:_
Scope: 
- 150 campers, 50(estimated) Camp crew & Organizers
- Onsite advertising at secondary schools around the period of October, but due to GCE O levels coming up, there might not be a chance to promote the camp at all.
- Social Media _advertising may/ may not attract as many youths to join unless there's someone famous/popular to help with the adverting.

Schedule: 
- planning started in July
- so far majority of the items are done
- all that is left is to push for promoting the camp
- Not the right time to promote due to GCE O levels_. 

Cost:
- To attract as many participants to come, Budget might have to increase to accommodate for the number of participants. Which is very last minute plan change.

To ensure the camp can be successful, I'm working with my main camp organizers and mentors on what should we do for the situation, get recommendation and adapt to the new changes. For schedule wise, should there be a need to push for the promoting of the camp, i will work with my media team to find other ways to promote/ advertise for the camp. For cost wise, i will work with my finance team to push for a little more budget to the finance board if possible to help accommodate the change in plans. For scope wise, i will work with my crew chief to get more helpers to join to ensure that we won't lack of manpower."
"renovation of house. constraints like budget of the money that you can afford not exceed and project time to complete the project on time, storage cabinet is according to the customer want and is there enough wood to make the cabinet.scope is task that needs to be done.risk is can it handle weight in it like the cabinet not properly done.To ensure successful project by communicating with customer about the design to renovate the house and coordinate the team and organize each member to do the task that needs to be done and adapt if customer want to improve the cabinets.  "
"A project that I have in mind would be building a Wooden Business Card
Holder. Triple Constraints:Cost/BudgetIt does not make sense for us to have unlimited
budget for this project as this is a small and easy project to build. Hence, we
can have a budget of around $100-$150 to spend on the materials to build so as
to not overspend. We can also plan on what material to get and where to get the
materials.Time/ScheduleAs time is important for the project also as
project always have fixed deadlines or milestones that we must achieve at a certain
time. So, an example for it would be that we can set a date or a time that we
need to complete out our prototype so as to give it a test first and see
whether can we improve it before moving on to making the final product. We can
also plan it in small task properly on our time so as to ensure that we can
complete each small task on time so that we will not delay in making our final
product.Scope/RequirementScope is important as the work needed to
complete the project must be defined and have a end goal so that when we
complete our product, we will not have another different goal completed. For this
project, we would have a requirement that with this business card holder, we
will make it easier for the user to hand out business card to others easily and
act as a protector from water or ensure that the business card would not get
crumple or spoiled.I can ensure that I can carry out a successful project but splitting
the roles in the team. For example, someone would be the time keeper, treasurer,
builder, designer and the project manager so that everyone would have a
specific role that they are required to do so that they would not get mixed up
with what they are supposed to do.My team and I can also plan a specific plan properly before
starting on building. Like we can first plan a time plan together so that to
ensure that we have more than enough time to complete it. We can also than
follow by doing a sketch drawing of the product. With a specific time plan, we
will be able to know what we are supposed to do at different timing so as to
ensure that we will not get lost in doing what we are supposed to do."
"An example of project I have in mind will be an FYP project which a networking environment needs to cater for 100 staff users of a company. The Triple Constraints play a big part in the project. Such as for assumptions, the team may feel that there is no need for so many routers hence, cutting down on the number of routers used in this networking environment. However, this assumption may turn out to impact the project negatively if a few of the routers are down there won't be enough routers to support the network. Other than that, for constraints, the team may not have enough time to complete the project if they are only given a shirt period of 1 month. 
Hence, to ensure that the project is carried out successfully, we must have a project management to plan for the schedule, scope and resources for this project and to monitor and manage quality of the project by making use of the table for Project Management Process Groups and Knowledge Areas."
I have in mind an app that can lock your device remotely the triple constraints in my project are the cost of making the app and then there will be time constraint as now app development is very fast so 1 missteps people might be faster to the market than you and lastly scope requirement is to lock your device remotely. I need to plan my every move execute the plan flawlessly monitor and control the project and finally close the project.
" A project that I have done is FYP. 
Some examples of Triple Constraints in my FYP projects are firstly, the cost. We were asked to do a Tesseract OCR which can help to identify the handwriting of receipts and official documents. By creating the tesseract OCR, it would help to reduce the manual work of human labor of keying in the data collected and the recognition of handwriting.
Secondly, the scope. Our team has been given the scope initially of being able to scan and read handwritings only, through our tesseract ocr and jtessboxeditor, however, along the way, as the weeks passed, we were also asked to include new scopes into our project, such as creating a database for the scanned data, and creating a website for users to use to scan the documents.
Thirdly, the time. We were given a time frame of 13 weeks, which is one semester, to do our project. From the start of planning, to executing, testing and then submission of the project. 
Me and my team communicated a lot with each other, and helped each other out at what each of us were weak at, eg. coding. We also made sure to track our progress of our work so that we would be able to hand in our final work by the deadline.  "
"_A project I have in mind currently would be innovating new ideas for food. As it is consumed by everyone on a daily basis, it is a very good project to start with. As the food has to be different and unique from others, it must contain ingredients that are premium which might cost more. The scope and requirement might be by following the preference of the customers and suiting their taste buds. By doing so, it might increase the quality of the product and attract more customers."
"_I would use my EIP project as an example. I am currently on plan on doing a vending machine, the triple constraints schedule, cost and scope. As for the schedule wise, we are currently facing a major problems from it as we took too much time to plan. The cost/budget will be generally okay as we are given a budget of $10000 per team therefore it does not pose any problems to us up till date.For the scope wise, we had already came out with our plannings, what functions and what target audience we are targeting. Therefore, in order to carry out a successful project, my team and i will have to make sure the triple constraints does not pose any problems for us. Schedule can be solved with proper time management. cost can be solved with paying attention to the budget scripted. Scope can be solved we ample understanding of the requirements of the project. "
" >I would like to explain about my Final Year Project that I did in my last
semester. This was one of the projects that I still remember and faced a lot of
challenges during the whole journey of the project. My project is based on a
software platform named “Internet Of things” which was very new to me as well
as all for the team members. At the beginning, we are not sure about the
platform, type of programming language that can be use and a lot of things
related to the project. We as a team arranged a meeting before one week of
official start of FYP. We planned the whole things that required to finish the
project and discussed about the constraints that came normally in a project.
Luckily my team leader had done a lot of projects before and he had some ideas
about the challenges, assumptions, risks and constraints that usually come in a
project. So, we came to know that every project can bedone under certain constraints. They can be
commonly termed as triple constraints which are time, cost and scope of the
project.COST:The School already provides all the materials and equipment that required
for doing the project. However, we planned to explore the project rather than
what the project proposer mentioned in the paper. Our project is mainly composed
of a weight sensor named HX711, a microprocessor (Raspberry Pi) and an IOT
platform (KAA IOT Platform). Our project is used to find the weight of the item
and thereby identify the item that passed through the weight sensor. Once the
data reaches the Raspberry, we need to connect the Pi to KAA IOT platform and
visualize the data in the form of graph. In this project, we tried to include a
camera to Raspberry pi. We planned to buy a high qualified camera that gives us
high quality images of the items that passed through the sensor. We also need
to buy a wireless router as the router that provided in the lab makes some
issues on connection. These were the expenses that we had in our project. Our
supervisor already mentioned us that there will not be any additional materials
provided to team. So, we have to estimate a budget for our project and prepare
money by ourselves. We estimated a budget of around $80 at the beginning and spend around an
amount of $50 for the entire project. We estimated the cost of the things that
we need in our project and this helped us to maintain our project within the
cost that we estimated. If we neve think about the cost, we already aware that there
will be more financial problems occur and we can’t manage that will impact on
our project badly. So, it is important to estimate the cost based on the
requirements of a project. TIME:We need to finish our whole project within a deadline that
the school provided to us. The School provided us a time of nearly five months
to complete the project. Because it is not possible to extend the project more
than five months. The FYP Manager is the one who was responsible for guiding us
to provide the schedules for 13 weeks. This schedule comprised of planning (from
week 1 to week 3), execution (from week 3 to week 11), control and monitoring
from week 1 to 13 and project closing from week 11 to 13. So, we need to plan
our project tasks based on these phases of the project. We cannot extend each
of the phase rather than the time that provided by the school. Because the
school already informed us to finish half of our project before week 7. Otherwise
we cannot procced and this will result in our overall grade. So, we planned to spend
at least two hours every day after school rather than the FYP day. This really
made us to finish the project very early and made changes by submitting to the
supervisor before the final presentation. Our team was very concerned about the
time and the team members completed their own tasks within the time that allocated
to themselves.SCOPE:A project must meet the required scope. It must be what the
team needs. The scope must be completely defined or understand at the beginning
of the project. We can define the scope of our project up to some level only at
the beginning. Because we were using a weight sensor that helped us to find the
weight of the item that passed through it and later send to Raspberry Pi. We
have to use some sort of programming language in order to find the weight of
the item from the sensor. But the main concern is such that we have to send this
data to KAA IOT platform. This platform can only support C and Java only. But
the programming that we did with the sensor is python and cannot support by
python. So, the scope of this project cannot go beyond the C or JAVA. The
programmer must do the things in C or JAVA as KAA IOT platform supports only
these languages. If we do in python or any languages, it is not possible to
collect and visualize data on KAA IOT Platform. So, we used as an alternative
to KAA IOT platform know as Mongo Stitch that enable us to fulfil all our project
needs. But we tried an attempt to do the KAA IOT platform by doing sensor
programming in C. But we couldn’t finish it completely as we haven’t learnt C
before in school. However, we already had a back up plan because we studied the
scope of the project very well during our planning phase. So, this was not greatly
impact on cost and time of our project"
"_Donation Project: (Set up a booth to sell handicraft)
Cost and Budget - Items needed to set up booth, where to get material to make the craft
Time and Schedule - When is the actual date, how long is it needed to set up the booth, how long is needed to create all the crafts
Scope/Requirement - Planning of how to get people to donate ( crowd funding, setting up a booth, etc), splitting of roles.
To ensure that a successful project is carried out, we need to firstly understand on what we are required to present for the end product, then start splitting up the roles of each team members( who is the project manager etc ).
Next team should plan what to be done in between the time given before the deadline, at the same time,budget and resources.
After planning, then each members that are given his/her roles shall execute the task given while the poject managers ensures that everything is running smoothly. 
In between the project, the project manager need to keep the project stakeholder updated on the progress.
The team also need to ensure that their plan will run according to what was planned(given time, budget etc), else they must have a back up plan that is not too far off from what they are doing halfway. 
Lastly, when the event has ended the team have to make a proper closing for instance(donation project) _handing over the funds raised to the organiser, clearing up the equipments etc, then make a report to hand over to the teacher in charge of what are done through out the whole event -from planing to executing to closing."
"The project that I have in mind is a project to start up a
manpower agency that send part time staff to the different company in the F&B
sector to work. The constraint of this project is when the company ask for more
staff than stated a day before the time to find the additional staff will be
short and rushed. Another constraint is in order to fulfil the job order,
sometime the agency will have to pay extra money to the part time staff to
convince them to work which will increase the cost. In order to ensure that I can make this project successful, I
plan to set a timeline for the company to add staff to prevent any last minute
addition and notify the company that they will have to pay more if they request
after the timeline. Also, I plan to distribute the recruitment of part time
staff to my team based on the strength of each teammates. In addition, I also
plan to set aside some budget as an incentive for the part time staff that
recommend their friend to work. Along the way I would always check out with the
company if they require any additional part time staff so that I can make the necessary
arrangement to prevent last minute addition."